A logger is configured to have a log level. This log level describes the severity of the messages that the logger will handle. Python defines the following log levels:

DEBUG: Low level system information for debugging purposes
INFO: General system information
WARNING: Information describing a minor problem that has occurred.
ERROR: Information describing a major problem that has occurred.
CRITICAL: Information describing a critical problem that has occurred.



Each message that is written to the logger is a Log Record. Each log record also has a log level indicating the severity of that specific message. A log record can also contain useful metadata that describes the event that is being logged. This can include details such as a stack trace or an error code.

When a message is given to the logger, the log level of the message is compared to the log level of the logger. If the log level of the message meets or exceeds the log level of the logger itself, the message will undergo further processing. If it doesn’t, the message will be ignored.

Once a logger has determined that a message needs to be processed, it is passed to a Handler.






Handlers¶

The handler is the engine that determines what happens to each message in a logger. It describes a particular logging behavior, such as writing a message to the screen, to a file, or to a network socket.

Like loggers, handlers also have a log level. If the log level of a log record doesn’t meet or exceed the level of the handler, the handler will ignore the message.

A logger can have multiple handlers, and each handler can have a different log level. In this way, it is possible to provide different forms of notification depending on the importance of a message. For example, you could install one handler that forwards ERROR and CRITICAL messages to a paging service, while a second handler logs all messages (including ERROR and CRITICAL messages) to a file for later analysis.











Filters¶
A filter is used to provide additional control over which log records are passed from logger to handler.

By default, any log message that meets log level requirements will be handled. However, by installing a filter, you can place additional criteria on the logging process. For example, you could install a filter that only allows ERROR messages from a particular source to be emitted.

Filters can also be used to modify the logging record prior to being emitted. For example, you could write a filter that downgrades ERROR log records to WARNING records if a particular set of criteria are met.

Filters can be installed on loggers or on handlers; multiple filters can be used in a chain to perform multiple filtering actions.









Static files ve media files arasindaki fark:

Önemli fark, statik dosyaların sürüm kontrolünde tutulması ve dağıtım sırasında kaynak kod dosyalarınızla birlikte gönderilmesidir.

On the other hand, media files are files that your end-users (internally and externally) upload or are dynamically created by your application (often as a side effect of some user action).







Django coktan secmeli sorular linki:

https://letsfindcourse.com/python-frameworks-mcq/django-mcq










Gjango interview questions 2022 

https://www.naukri.com/learning/articles/django-interview-questions-and-answers/#:~:text=Django%20is%20called%20a%20loosely,from%20the%20client%2Drelated%20code.








Why is Django called a loosely coupled framework?
Ans. Django is called a loosely coupled framework because it is based on MVT (Model-View-Template) architecture, a variant of MVC architecture. MVT architecture provides a separate server code from the client-related code. 

Models and Views in Django manage the code that needs to be run on the server, and templates are mostly HTML and CSS that just require data from models passed in by the views to render them. These components are different from each other and will have a negligible effect on each other when changed. This allows front-end developers and backend developers to work simultaneously on the project. Since these components are independent of each other, Django is called a loosely coupled framework.







Django, MTV mimarisini takip ettiği için geliştiriciler tarafından gevşek bağlı çerçeve olarak adlandırılır. MVC çerçevesinin uygun bir varyantı olan mimariye dayanmaktadır ve MTV, üçüncü kişinin makinesinden ayrı bir sunucu kodu sağladığı için faydalıdır. Endüstri çalışmasındaki bileşen birbirinden farklıdır ve bu nedenle ön uç veya arka uç geliştiriciler herhangi bir görev için aynı anda çalışır.

Bu, büyük ölçüde sorulan bir Django mülakat sorusudur .








middleware ler ile ilgili güzel bir link

https://www.egehangundogdu.com/django-middlewares/











Django da middleware lerin bircok amaci var ama 4 temel amac ve faydasi:

1: Kolay Debugging saglar

2: User tarafindan gelen istekleri ve return edilecek response lari filtrelememizi saglar.

3:  AuthenticationMiddleware bizim için request nesnesine, istek yapan kullancıyı bağlar ve view ya da templateda kullanmamıza olanak verir. Başka bir örnek olarak ise LocaleMiddleware verilebilir. Eğer uygulamanız birden fazla dilde hizmet veriyor ise LocaleMiddleware istek yapan kullanıcının belirli bir algoritma ile istek yaptığı dili bulur ve dönülecek olan cevabı kullanıcı dil tercihlerine göre kişiselleştirerek döner.

4: Her middleware doğrudan istek veya cevap manipüle etmeyebilir. Fakat size daha sonrasında kullanmanız üzere, sistematik olarak bir bilgi birikimi sağlayabilir. Örneğin uygulamanızın hangi saat dilimlerinde daha aktif olduğu, hangi bölgelerden daha fazla kullanıldığı gibi işlemleri kayıt altına alarak, analiz sonucunda çeşitli aksiyonlar alabilirsiniz.






























