

Models
A model is the single, definitive source of information about your data. It contains the essential fields and behaviors of the data you’re storing. Generally, each model maps to a single database table. We can use the Django admin panel to create, retrieve, update or delete model fields and various similar operations.



Each model is a Python class that subclasses django.db.models.Model.
Each attribute of the model represents a database field.
With all of this, Django gives you an automatically-generated database-access API


Let's create our first model. Open the fscohort/models.py file and write this code.

from django.db import models

class Student(models.Model):
    first_name = models.CharField(max_length=30)
    last_name = models.CharField(max_length=30)
    number = models.IntegerField()   

first_name, last_name and number are fields of the model. Each field is specified as a class attribute, and each attribute maps to a database column.
CharField and IntegerField are field types which tells the database what kind of data to store. There are many types of fields. You can view the full list here.
max_length is field argument which is required for Charfield. There’s also a set of common arguments available to all field types. All are optional. You can view the full list of field option here.





The above Student model would create a database table like this :


CREATE TABLE Student (

     id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
     first_name  varchar(30) NOT NULL,
     last_name  varchar(30) NOT NULL,
     number  INT NOT NULL,
);




An id field is added automatically to the model by Django.
Run this command;


python manage.py makemigrations fscohort




By running makemigrations, you’re telling Django that you’ve made some changes to your models (in this case, you’ve made new ones) and that you’d like the changes to be stored as a migration.



Now run this command;

python manage.py migrate 



The migrate command takes all the migrations that haven’t been applied and run them against your database - essentially, synchronizing the changes you made to your models with the schema in the database.



Now, we need to tell the admin that the Student model has an admin interface. To do this, open the fscohort/admin.py file and edit it like this.



from django.contrib import admin

from .models import Student

admin.site.register(Student)




















