
What is views in Django?


	--Django da view;   icerisine bir request alan ve bir response döndüren bir class yada bir func dir.

Whenever you visit a page on the internet, your browser sends a request which contains things like headers (metadata about who you are), parameters (variables), HTTP process, and sometimes a body of data.



Django Views :

Django view is a Python class and/or a function that takes a Web request and returns a Web response. It's a place where we put the "logic" of our application. It will request information from the model you created before and pass it to a template.


We wrote our first view in the Introduction section. Now add this view in your fscohort/views.py

def student_num(request):
    num_of_stdnt = Student.objects.count()
    return HttpResponse("FS Cohort has {} students". format(num_of_stdnt))


We need to display this view at a particular URL. Open your fscohort/urls.py file and add this url conf.


urlpatterns = [
    path('', views.index, name='index'),
    path('num/', views.student_num, name='student_num'),
]




Django will redirect everything comes into http://127.0.0.1:8000/fscohort to fscohort.urls and look for further instruction there. So when you visit the http://127.0.0.1:8000/fscohort/num, this pattern tells the django views.student_num is the right place to go.

And student_num views will return a HttpResponse object that contains the generated response.







Type of Views
Django has two types of views; function-based views (FBVs), and class-based views (CBVs).




Function-Based Views:



Function based views are writter using a function in python which recieves as an argument HttpRequest object and returns an HttpResponse Object.




This function is easy in implementing and it’s quite useful but the main drawback is that on a large size Django project, there are generally many similar functions in the views. One instance is that all objects of a Django project have CRUD operations, therefore this code repeats unnecessarily. This was the main reason for the creation of Generic Class-based views.






Class-Based Views:


Class-based views provide an alternative way to implement views as Python objects instead of functions. They do not replace function-based views, but have certain differences and advantages when compared to function-based views:




Organization of code related to specific HTTP methods (GET, POST, etc.) can be addressed by separate methods instead of conditional branching.
Object oriented techniques such as mixins (multiple inheritance) can be used to factor code into reusable components.





Which of the following is not true about views?

Select one:

Django view is a Python class and/or a function that takes a Web request and returns a Web response.


It will request information from the template you created. (False. istekleri template den degil models dan yapar.)

We need to display our view at a particular URL.


Whenever you visit a page on the internet, your browser sends a request which contains things like headers (metadata about who you are), parameters (variables), HTTP process, and sometimes a body of data.





































